[ Franz Schubert's "Piano Trio
No. 2 in E-flat major, D. 929:
II. Andante con moto" plays ]
♪♪
Strand:
Oscar Wilde said
that "every portrait
that is painted with feeling
is a portrait of the artist,
not of the sitter."
♪♪
I don't want
a portrait of you.
I want
a portrait of me.
Can you do that?
Yes, sir.
I mean
not what you see,
but who I am,
what I've built.
I want you
to paint what Isee.
♪♪
Yes, sir.
Enough "sir".
It's Victor.
♪♪
What is it?
A little early
for Scotch.
In 1,000 years,
no one will question
what time I drank this.
If anyone's gonna see this
in 1,000 years,
we need
to populate the tower.
Got an intake
at the call box.
[Swallows, sighs]
Excuse me, Juliana.
♪♪
How did you
find this place?
Man:
I followed the big light.
Took me a while,
but I finally made it.
My name's Arnold,
but my friends, they, uh --
well, they --
they used to call me Arno.
I'm sure you need
someone like me in there.
I was
a carpenter before.
I just admitted someone
with your skillset.
♪♪
There's an intake.
How have you survived
out there?
Woman:
I picked up some training
from medics
in my battalion,
enough to help a few folks
along the way.
♪♪
How much longer
will this take?
Juliana:
Just a few more sittings.
♪♪
Where were you
before this?
How have you survived
out there?
Man: I was a lieutenant with
the local fire department.
I'm sorry.
You're not what I'm looking for.
Well, what are y--
We just admitted
someone with your skillset.
I'm afraid
we have to turn you away.
Woman:
No, no, no, wait, wait --
[ Receiver clicks ]
Victor --
Don't say it.
You've rejected
everyone this week.
Shouldn't you at least
meet them face-to-face?
We can't grant entry
to every Tom, Dick,
and Arno who asks.
Those people had skills
we could use.
Is that
what you think I do?
Check skills
off a list?
When I look at a person,
I can tell you who they are.
I can see
what other people don't.
Listening to my instincts
is what's got us this far.
We didn't need them.
♪♪
What?! [Sighs]
Call box.
Tell them to come back
another day.
Oh, uh, you're gonna want
to see this one for yourself.
♪♪
Not the intake
I was expecting.
I told you.
To what
do we owe the pleasure?
I know
what you said before,
and I know
what I said,
but, uh,
I need your help, Victor.
[Crying]
It's Mo.
She's, um...
something wrong with her,
and we need to see June.
[Crying]
And why
would I let you do that?
Morgan: Look, we're not asking
to stay. We're not.
And this little girl
doesn't have anything to do
with what's gone on
between us.
So...please.
[Walkers growling in distance]
Victor.
Victor?Tell him
to take a hike.
You heard him.
[Crying]
I know.
♪♪
It's finished?
Uh, the paint needs to cure.
I'll glaze it when it's done.
But for now.
Let me see.
♪♪
Do you like it?
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
I don't understand.
What's wrong?
I can fix
whatever it is.
What's going on,
boss?
♪♪
What are you doing?
Be glad
it wasn't you.
Victor,
what's going on?She doesn't see me.
No one does.I'm not sure
I understand.
No, you don't,
and that's the problem.
Raise Morgan. Send a patrol
to find him if you must.
Tell him he can enter.
Why?
You heard me!
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
[Indistinct conversations]
Strand: None of them
are ours.
This is your idea?
People have a right to know
who's still out there.
Charlie, Luciana, Jacob,
Wes, and Daniel.
We just
found them all.
You know
Wendell's here.
June and Dorie.
Not so bad,
all things considered.
Alicia?
I don't know.
Man,
why'd you let me in here?
You're the second person
brave enough
to ask me
that question today.
Probably because
it's the obvious question.
Why?
If you didn't think
I'd let you in, why'd you come?
Because I didn't have
a choice.
It's my baby.
Howard: Victor.
June's ready.
June: Doing great.
You're so strong. Yeah.
Ooh.
That's right.
Hey, June.
Morgan.
[Chuckles]
[Sighs, chuckles]
You're alright.
I am.
Look,
I heard your message.
But I got to the bunker
after Victor.
She would have died
by the time you arrived.
You don't know that.
You're okay?
Mr. Dorie, he's --Yeah, I'm fine.
John's --
he's managing.
I think
he's trying to ascertain
whether or not
you like it here.
It's certainly better
than out there.
I have medicine,
supplies.
I'm able
to help people.
Can I have a word,
boss?
What is it?
Dorie's detected some movement
north of the Tower.
Excuse me.
[Mo fussing]
June:
That's a good girl.
[Chuckles] Yeah.
[Gasps]
What's that?
Going along with him because of
what you can do here...
how's than any different
than the offer
that Virginia
gave you?
Don't. Morgan.
You got something better
than this?Maybe.
What?
I'm working on it.
So am I.
In here.
John died
'cause he ran,
'cause he didn't want to play
Virginia's game,
and I'm not gonna make
that same mistake.
John died --
[Footsteps approach]
[Sighs]
Is there
a diagnosis?
It's a, uh,
double ear infection.
Left untreated, it could have
led to hearing loss.
I've already got her on the pain
meds and the Amoxicillin,
but we should keep her here
for observation
until we know
the antibiotics are working.
How long
will that take?
36, 48 hours.
Mm.
Looks like that baby
just earned you a holiday.
Can I offer you
a drink?
What you've built here,
Victor --
I'm not gonna lie,
it's impressive.
It's more than impressive.
It's a miracle.
An oasis in the middle
of the blasts.
Clean air,
clean water,
and weather that keeps
the nasty stuff away.
Alright,
we should cut the shit.
You didn't bring me in here
to rub my face
in all you've achieved,
did you?
No.
I was already doing that
while you were out there.
[Both chuckle]
[Sighs]
There's something
I need you to do for me.
Which is what?Something I can't.
What, Victor?
I'm not sure if I can
trust you with it yet.
Not yet.
Can't expect me to make a deal
I don't know the terms of.
Well...
this isn't
a negotiation.
♪♪
Doing what I ask
will be the only way you'll see
that little girl again.
♪♪
Shall we drink
to our new deal?
♪♪
Alright.
[Thud]
[Walker growling]
What the hell?
[Growling continues]
What the hell
are they doing?
♪♪
Get back!
Get it out of here,
Victor!
♪♪
[Explosion]
You okay?
You?
Yeah.
Victor!
The stalkers --
they're here!
Yeah, we know.
He wants
to talk to you.
Who's "he"?
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
He says
you've met before.
♪♪
I'm listening.
I see
we got your attention.
A call
would've sufficed.
We tried that.
Didn't work.
You really don't recognize
my voice?
"Name's Arnold,
but my friends -- they --
they used to
call me Arno."
I knew it.
I knew
my instincts were right.
I turned you away
before.
That's not
gonna change now.
I don't know
about that.
At the very least,
it'll destroy your tower.
♪♪
What do you want?
Same thing we wanted
when we called before.
New beginning
for my people.
Place to call home.
That's not gonna happen.
Not here, not now.
[Walkers growling]
Well, this might
change your mind.
♪♪
We found a warhead
out here.
Must've been
a dud,
but it still killed
every person who touched it.
Including those
who stuffed pieces of it
into these dead.
What's he saying?
Were those walkers you launched
contaminated?
♪♪
No.
But the next ones
will be.
Victor, a dirty bomb could make
this place uninhabitable.
He's bluffing.Maybe not.
I saw a warhead out there
that hadn't detonated.
I didn't ask
your opinion.
♪♪
If you want this place,
you won't destroy it.
You have one hour.
♪♪
Get Dorie here ASAP.
Have a patrol on the ground
to flank that catapult.
I can stop this
before it begins.
You just have to
give me a radio.Stand aside.
You think I came here alone?
I got people within range.
The MRAP's out there,
and it still
has a little juice left in her.
We scavenged
some ammo.
You give me a radio,
they can be hit from the side.
How do I know you're not working
with these masked assholes?
Victor, I have Mo
with me in here.
You think I'm gonna
launch explosives at her?
Come on.
You can trust me on this.
No.
I can't.
Where's Dorie?
I need an update
on those --
Oh! [Gasps]
Oh! [Coughs]
Victor?
Are you okay?
What is...this...
[Gasps]
June!
Someone get me June!
♪♪
June: Victor?
Victor?
How long was I out?
Just 10 minutes.
[Sighs]
They're still here.
They haven't fired
any more dead.
[Panting]
How much damage
did those explosives do?
You need
to stay in bed.
Damage was mostly
to lower stories.
Windows blown out.
No casualties that we know of.
And the patrols?
Well, we couldn't clear
the tunnels, so we can't leave.
[Sighs]
This isn't a coincidence.
They did this to me.We don't know that.
You could've eaten something,
have a bug --
They poisoned me!
I know it!
♪♪
I'm getting an IV.
Is Dorie
on the roof yet?
Yeah, give me a status
on the roof.
Wendell:
What do you see, JD?
I got 'em in my sights,
but I fire,
I'm liable to blow up
the whole damn lot.
Unless we want this tower
extra crispy,
we need
to hold fire.
What are they
up to?
♪♪
They're locked
and loaded.
Coming in hot,
Howie.
♪♪
I suggest we hold off,
boss.
How long do we have?
♪♪
47 minutes.
Tell him
to hold off.
But if they launch,
I want him
to drop whoever he can
before that walker
hits this building.
Yeah,
stand by and stay locked.
♪♪
Morgan:
I'll take care of this
if you just let me
radio Grace.
What's he doing here?
Don't let
whatever's gone down between us
stop you from taking my help
when you need it.
There are lives
at stake.
I mean,
my daughter's life.
Let me help.
Get him out of here!
Hey, Victor, please.
We can't radio anyone
even if we wanted.
There's no radios
allowed in the tower.
Everything's hard-wired.
That's why you stripped the comm
from the sub, right?
We don't broadcast everything
like you did, Morgan.
Where are
your walkies?
I mean, you must have them
for when you go out.
In the armory.And where's the armory?
I'm sorry,
Morgan!
You don't get to ask questions
as if you're in charge here.
I'm not asking because
I want your weapons or anything.
I'm just asking --
can you relay
a message to the armory?
Can you?
[Mo cooing]
[Panting]
Ali,
are you there?
I repeat --
Ali, are you there?
The explosion must have severed
the line below us.
We'll find another way
to stop these assholes.
Guys -- incoming!
[Glass shatters in distance]
Where did it go?
It's got to be the third
or fourth floor.
What the hell?
He said an hour.
[Mo crying]
[Rumbling]
♪♪
[Screaming]
June:
What was that?
They're early.
[Telephone rings]
[Crying continues]
Yeah?
It's Wendell.
Arno wants to talk to you.
Tell Wendell
to patch him through.
And get these artifacts
away from the windows!
He'll talk to him.
[Alarm blaring in distance]
You said no more surprises
for an hour.
Your gunman's scope
was glinting in the sun.
That was a warning
to make sure you're not gonna
try anything funny.
♪♪
Were those dead clean?
The next one
won't be,
so I suggest you leave
the roof now.
♪♪
June: I need to get
to the lower floors.
There's probably
injured there.
No one leaves until we know
what we're dealing with!
We know how
to deal with this, Victor.
Uh...
You alright?
♪♪
[Coughing, gagging]
[Panting]
Victor, you were right.
You were poisoned.
That's Methylene Blue.
Some of the rangers
brought it back
when I asked them
to find Prussian Blue.
Someone must have put it
in your food.
What's it gonna do
to me?
Depends on
how much you ingested
and when.
[Panting]
Is it gonna kill me?
I don't know.
[Coughs]
♪♪
We're gonna have to wait
for Victor.
Maybe I can figure out
some kind of deal.
I got
a whole lotta experience
talking people down
from doing crazy things.
Oh, yeah? And how'd that
work out with Teddy?
Victor's the only one
who represents this tower.
They got someone
in here.
by me.
I want to know who.
Start questioning everyone
who's been
granted residency
in the past month.
I'm not sure
this is the time.Do it!
We need to deal with them
outside first.
Let me talk to 'em.Strand: No, no, no.
We need to get down
to the armory,
radio Grace
for assistance.
You're taking me up
on my offer?
I'm doing what's best
for the tower.
Let it be known
to my critics
I'm not the selfish asshole
they make me out to be.
Dorie Sr.:
Then, let's go.
No.
I'm gonna
do it myself.
Howard:
It's six flights.
We don't even know
if the stairwellls are intact.
There might be fires,
dead.
You can barely walk
across this room.
No. No.
I'm doing it myself.
[Panting]
Victor, come on --
Hey, hey!
Hey.
Stay back.
[Scoffs]
You think
wepoisoned you.
Someone in
the tower did.
Victor, it's me.
I-I've been with you
since the beginning.
That doesn't
mean anything.
I can't trust anyone
until I know who did this to me,
until I figure out
who's working with them.
In case you're forgetting,
those people out there
tried to kill
me and June, too.
How do I know
that's the truth? Huh?
You have access
to the medicine.
You won't
interrogate anyone.
And you -- you're angry
I turned your sister away.
♪♪
You did what?[Sighs]
Morgan:
She's alright, Wendell.Sarah was here?
She was, but she didn't
want you to know.
Why would you
do that?
The same reason
I turn anyone away.
By trusting myself,
which is exactly
what I'm doing now.
You try to go down there
by yourself,
you won't make it.
You're right.
I won't.
You're coming with me.What?
You're gonna get me down
to the armory.
And you're gonna connect me
with Grace.
Howard: You said
you didn't trust him.
I do.
As long
as I have her.
♪♪
Hand her over.
Not a chance.
Now.
[Gun cocks]
[Mo crying]
♪♪
Okay.
[Crying continues]
You're doing real good.
It's alright.
♪♪
If you hurt her...
I know.
So don't give me
a reason to.
Howard:
We've got 35 minutes.
Let's go.
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
Morgan: You sure there's not
another way down?
Not unless we clear
a stairwell full of rubble
in the next
30 minutes.
Must be trying to take shelter
from the first blast.
♪♪
She still asleep?
'Cause June said that medicine
might knock her out.
I've got her.
I don't know what that stuff
is doing to you,
but it's making you see ghosts
where there ain't any.
I threatened to take this child
from you.
If you
did that to me,
I would do everything I can
to take you out.
Well,
we both know I'm not you.
♪♪
I'll go.
I'll climb down.
Strand:
Just -- Just lower us.
I'm not lowering you
or her down there.
You don't lower us down,
we all die.
29 minutes.
Let me go.
You stay here
with her.
Now, you know I'm not going
any place without her.
[Groans]
[Growling continues]
Where's the armory?
[Sighs]
When you get
to the basement,
follow the service corridor
into the mechanical room.
There should be
charged walkies inside.
♪♪
You take care
of her.
'Cause anything happens
to her,
I will do worse to you
than they will out there.
Agreed.
♪♪
[Mo cooing]
What are you looking at?
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
Mnh-mnh. Mnh-mnh.
I'm not your papa. [Sighs]
I'm Victor Strand.
♪♪
I'm what you call a...
your temporary guardian.
[Mo crying]
Alright, alright, alright.
[Electricity crackling]
[Growling continues]
♪♪
The universe gave you to him.
The universe gave me this tower.
♪♪
We're both trying to...
save things that we love.
Morgan:
Alright, I'm down.
Looks intact down here
and the rest of the way.
[Mo crying]
Victor?
Hey, Victor!
I'm here.
And you're okay?
[Sighs]
Fine and dandy.
Alright.
Hey, I need you
to lower her down to me.
Something happens to you,
if you turn...
Victor.
I don't move
from here
until she's down here
in my arms.
You don't move,
we all die.
I don't think you're gonna
let that happen, so...
pass her down.
You're lucky.
No one looks at you
the way he does.
My father -- he --
he barely looked at me.
[Mo crying]
Enjoy it now.
I hope you don't end up walking
through this world alone.
You want to save this place
or not?
Victor?
I'm doing it.
Keep talking to me
while you do it.
[Chuckles]
What are you,
my therapist?
Alright.
Let me just get you
all hooked up to this.
You're just gonna go
on a little ride.
Your papa's down there,
okay?
Why'd you let me in here
in the first place?
[Sighs]
It doesn't even matter.
Be careful.
Careful.
I will.
You tried to keep Mo
from me to get it.
Don't tell me now
it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter
because I'm not gonna ask you
to get it now.
[Walkers growling]
Be careful.
♪♪
Careful.
Maybe you should actually
find a way to trust people.
That's how you lose.
You only trust people
if you give yourself
a reason to.
[Mo crying]
I got her.
And I just
gave up mine.
♪♪
You're not gonna come back
for me, are you?
♪♪
This is
gonna be over soon.
♪♪
Alicia.
You said you didn't know
where she was.
I don't.
I don't even know
if she's alive.
But I want you
to find her.
Well, why don't you
just look for her?
♪♪
Because I don't think
she'd want me to find her.
But with you...
I know
she would think different.
♪♪
We'll be back.
Promise.
♪♪
[Gunfire, screaming]
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
June:
Easy there.
Just try and relax.
[Groans]
You're very dehydrated.
[Sighs]
Did you do it?
Are they gone?
♪♪
Morgan: All I did
was get the walkie.
Grace and Sarah
did the rest,
and it's them
that you have to thank.
I can't stay.
A lot of people got hurt
in that blast.
The poison...It wasn't enough.
I think you got most of it
out of your system upstairs.
I'll stay with him.
Bring him up when
he's strong enough to walk.
Thank you.
Don't you ever use
my medical skills again
to help you
get what you want.
How's the child?
She's fine.
She's with Mr. Dorie
right now.
You brought June here.
You could've just kicked me
over the edge.
Thought did
cross my mind.
Why didn't you?
It's what you said.
That you didn't think Alicia
would want you finding her.
She'd want me.
I kick you
over the edge,
she's not gonna want
either one of us looking.
I thought
she'd try to stop me
from doing
what I need to get done.
But even
with all this...
it wasn't enough.
We'll find Alicia.
But you're gonna have to
make this the kind of place
that she'd want
to live.
What does that mean?
There's a lot of people
out there, Victor,
who need
a place like this.
There are
people you know.
What if
we don't find her?
Well, what does your, uh --
your gut tell you?
That you will.
That wewill.
♪♪
Better get at it.
[Sighs]
[Chuckles]
♪♪
It was you.
What are you
talking about?
You came here to kill me,
you son of a bitch.
Was your baby
even sick?
[Both grunting]
♪♪
If I had any idea
what Arno was planning,
I never would have put
everybody's life in danger!
You weren't
working with them?I stopped them!
You still
tried to kill me.
Yeah, you gave me
no choice.
We nearly died
out there.
[Gun cocks]
Howard:
Stand up.
Do it!
Now back away.
♪♪
Take him
to the roof.
♪♪
Howard was right.
I should have never
let you in.
It must be done.
[Grunts]
[Walkers growling]
[Telephone rings]
Wait.
What do we have here?
Answer it.
Hello?
[Sighs]
It's Grace.
♪♪
You shouldn't watch this.
You need my help.
I already got it.
Some of the walkers --
the ones with the material
from the warhead --
they got loose.
I think they joined the walkers
around the building.
I know what you're doing.
It's not gonna work.
If they go off,
you know what happens.
Even if they don't,
they'll be leaking
whatever's inside for months.
♪♪
What's your play?
I'll find them.
I'll help you
remove them.
♪♪
For what?
Morgan's life
and my daughter's.
Do you think
she's telling the truth?
♪♪
I think so.
If you kill him,
we create a martyr.
A myth that would
outlive the man.
But if
you let her in --I know, damn it.
♪♪
You help me.
But you
come in here,
you live under the same rules
as everyone else.
You don't get to leave,
and neither does that baby.
Grace,
don't do it!
Shut up.
Do we have a deal?
♪♪
Yes.
It's a deal.
Let me
talk to her.
At least
let me talk to her.
The deal is struck.
Do as you please.
♪♪
You didn't
have to do that.
♪♪
I know.
I wanted to.
For you.
For me.
For our family.
I am gonna find my way
back to you.
I --
No, you won't.
♪♪
But you got nothing
to worry about.
I'm gonna give them everything
that you couldn't.
Food,
shelter, security.
Show Mr. Jones
the exit.
♪♪
And, Howard, get someone
to retrieve my painting.
♪♪
Grace says she can find
the irradiated dead
if you give her access
to a few pieces of equipment.
Do we have
what she requires?
Some of it.
Send a patrol
to get the rest.
♪♪
Is everything okay?
I was wrong.
I didn't see
what Morgan was up to.
Well, from everything
you've told me about him,
I don't see
how you could have.
♪♪
I can have Juliana come to clean
and repair it.
No.
I like it like this.
♪♪
This is the way
people need to see me.
You sure
everything's alright?
♪♪
If I was wrong
about Morgan,
who else
was I wrong about?
♪♪
I wouldn't let Morgan Jones
make you second-guess yourself.
♪♪
[Chuckles]
[Sighs]
♪♪
Bring me the baby.
Excuse me?
The baby.
I want
to spend time with her.
♪♪
I didn't know
you liked children.
She's got to get used to
her new father some time.
♪♪
I know you're there.
Show yourselves.
♪♪
I am not in the mood
for this.
[Horse neighs]
♪♪
Man:
Ease up.
It's him.
♪♪
Morgan:
You're alive?
So are you.
And you're travelling
with these folk?
If you are, there's some things
you oughta know about them.
Yeah.
You don't know
the half of it.
♪♪
[Chatter]
Looks like the wind's blowing
in the right direction.
Can take
your masks off.
How long you been running
with these people?
Only a couple weeks.
It's getting real rough
out there, Morgan.
Oh, I know.
So,
what am I doing here?
Their leader wants
to talk to you.
Who? Arno?
Hey, hey.
What is this?
It's alright,
Morgan.
It's alright.
Just show me
where he is.
You mean she.
♪♪
Morgan: Hey,
I just told your people
I don't want
any trouble.
I didn't bring you here
to cause trouble.
♪♪
I brought you here
'cause I need your help.
[Chuckles]
My God, Alicia.
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
You look like shit,
Morgan.
Well, I'll be honest with you --
I feel like shit.
[Both chuckle]
♪♪
I thought
we'd lost you.
No, I was...
safely underground
while the rest
of the world burned.
So, I don't get this.
What?
Your people -- you're the ones
who attacked the Tower?
No.
Those aren't my people.
Not anymore.
Then what?
What is this about?
What's going on?
These people are tired.
Hungry.
We're getting desperate.So are we.
Look,
I'm not sure
there's a lot
I'm gonna be able to give you.
There is.
That's why I asked Dwight
and Sherry to find you.
Man:
All hands!
♪♪
Walkers!
[Indistinct shouting]
Looks like you picked up
a few strays.
♪♪
Everybody else, stay back!
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
Don't --
What?
Don't shoot!
Don't!
[Gunfire]
♪♪
Everybody run!
Now!
♪♪